2022-12-09 (#186)
rustacean-station/rustacean-station.org: _episodes/interviews/2022-12-09-seaton-ullberg.md

---
title: "Kernel Density Estimation with Seaton Ullberg"

> date: 2022-12-02T17:04:00Z

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 2022-12-09T16:43:00Z
```

> file: https://audio.rustacean-station.org/file/rustacean-station/2022-12-06-seaton-ullberg.mp3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
file: https://audio.rustacean-station.org/file/rustacean-station/2022-12-09-seaton-ullberg.mp3
```

duration: "43:14"
length: "41503347"
#reddit: (leave blank on initial publish, amend with link and uncomment this line after Reddit thread has been posted)
---

> Allen Wyma talks with [Seaton Ullberg](https://github.com/seatonullberg), developer of [Kernel Density Estimation](https://github.com/seatonullberg/kernel-density-estimation), a library that helps to calculate the kernel desnity estimation using data points.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allen Wyma talks with [Seaton Ullberg](https://github.com/seatonullberg), developer of [kernel-density-estimation](https://github.com/seatonullberg/kernel-density-estimation), a Rust library that computes [kernel density estimations](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kernel_density_estimation).
```

## Contributing to Rustacean Station

Rustacean Station is a community project; get in touch with us if you'd like to suggest an idea for an episode or offer your services as a host or audio editor!

- Twitter: [@rustaceanfm](https://twitter.com/rustaceanfm)
- Discord: [Rustacean Station](https://discord.gg/cHc3Gyc)
- Github: [@rustacean-station](https://github.com/rustacean-station/)
- Email: [hello@rustacean-station.org](mailto:hello@rustacean-station.org)

## Timestamps
- [@0:00] - Introduction

> - [@0:55] - Understanding Kernel Density Estimation library and how it works

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [@0:55] - Crate overview and how it works
```

- [@17:49] - Kernel Density Estimation vs other competing algorithms
- [@24:05] - Application uses of Kernel Density Estimation
- [@33:38] - Why write this library
- [@35:03] - Why use Rust when re-writing this library

> - [@40:26] - Seaton using Float64 as a feature

Reviewer: What is Float64 here? Should it link to something? Or is it `f64` (in which case we should use that)?
